Mention HA in multinode section. (#1296)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/multinode-timescaledb/multinode-setup.md

The access and data nodes must begin as individual TimescaleDB instances.
They should be hosts with a running PostgreSQL server and a loaded TimescaleDB
extension. For more information about installing self-hosted TimescaleDB

> instances, see the [installation instructions][install]. Additionally, [high 
> availability with multi-node][multi-node-ha] can be configured to increase 
> redundancy and resilience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instances, see the [installation instructions][install]. Additionally, you
can configure [high availability with multi-node][multi-node-ha] to 
increase redundancy and resilience.
```

Small reword to make it more active, and also get the link on one line.

Author: I love working with people that take my bad writing and change it into somethings awesome.

When you have set up your multi-node installation, you can configure your
cluster. For more information, see the [configuration section][configuration].

> [configuration]: /timescaledb/:currentVersion:/how-to-guides/multinode-timescaledb/multinode-config/

Reviewer: Thanks, we just changed how that link checker works and we're still going through and finding things. Glad you worked it out 💖
